>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Richard Doty,
a retired Special Agent who
served in the Air Force Office
of Special Investigations and
was intimately involved with
UFO, ET-related content.
Welcome, Richard.
>> Thank you.
>> So first of all, how did
you get involved with these
projects that
involved ETs and UFOs?
>> I investigated an incident at
Kirtland Air Force Base while I
was an OSI
counterintelligence officer.
And that involved a guy by
the name of Paul Benowitz
and what he did and
what he gathered
regarding UFOs and ET contacts.
And that got me briefed
into a special program.
And that special program
carried me through my career
as an OSI agent.
>> And tell me about--
you know, in the 1980s, you were
stationed at Area 51, correct?
>> Yes.
>> And what was going on there?
>> I was on temporary duty
assignments to Area 51.
Back then, it was called
Detachment 3 Air Force Test
Evaluation Center.
There was three
different attachments,
Hume Lake being one,
and the most secretive.
I was a counter-intelligence
officer for the base.
There were four other OSI
agents assigned there.
And each agent had
a compartmented job
to do within Area 51.
>> What was your job
as-- your position there?
>> Mine was to safeguard
special projects.
The special projects ETs,
not only ET creatures,
but ET technology.
>> Were you keeping that
also just in the Air Force?
Were you keeping it
from the politicians?
Were you keeping it from
other three-letter agencies?
Or were they kind of
involved with that?
>> There were some projects
that we were working on that
involved CIA, DIA,
and mostly, DARPA.
But we did keep secrets
from government politicians.
>> Well, what can you tell us
about some of the ETs there
that-- or the extraterrestrial
beings that you had contact
with?
>> There was a project
there called Amber Sun,
Project Amber Sun.
Highly-classified
project that dealt
with examining and
researching extraterrestrials
that the government had
captured or found in the desert
or at crash sites.
And that project, I was
involved with that project.
>> Were you on these
retrieval teams too?
>> I was on one retrieval team.
But that's actually-- it wasn't
a retrieval team so much as it
was a--
one of the creatures
escaped from the complex
at Papoose Lake.
It was called Site
5, Papoose Site 5.
Alpha Site, they called it.
And that's where they
kept the creatures.
There were a number
of creatures there.
I was never briefed on the
exact number of creatures.
But the one that escaped,
I was involved with.
I was on a search
team trying to find
this creature that escaped.
>> What kind of creature was it?
Do you know what it looked
like or where it came from?
>> I know it came from someplace
10 light years away from Earth.
I was briefed into
that part of it.
I was shown a picture
of the creature.
And it was quite a
hideous looking creature.
It had a very large head.
Had a body that looked
like a praying mantis.
>> Are these the
trantaloids you speak of?
>> Yes, trantaloids.
And this creature had no teeth.
It had a mouth.
It had two slots for nose,
two openings for ears.
And it had gill-like
glands on its face
where it would suck
in air, our air.
So it could breathe Earth air.
But the most amazing
thing about this creature
was it didn't require food.
It manufactured its own
nourishment within its bodies.
It had two sacks on
each of its hips.
And it would produce
from internal organs
these golf-ball-size nodules.
And they would be
inside the sacks.
When the creature
required nourishment,
it would reach in
and take a ball out
of this nourishment
and place in its mouth.
That's the only nourishment
that these creatures needed.
It did drink water.
But there was no other
food that it ate.
>> I've have had some experience
with beings like this.
And we call it chemogenesis.
And it's life from chemicals
that they produce themselves.
So they don't have to
have food like we do
and extract minerals
and vitamins from it.
It's very interesting.
>> Yeah, that's exactly what
this was, they found out later.
And so this creature-- it also
had-- it was reverse jointed.
The knees were behind the legs.
It could maneuver in a number of
different types of mannerisms.
It also had this
strange cape that
was tucked up behind its head.
And when it got scared,
or when it wanted to hide,
it would pull this
cape over its body,
totally enclosing its
body in this cape.
>> Is this a separate
garment from the body?
Or is it part of the body?
>> No, it's part of the body.
It was an appendage
from the body that
was curled up behind its head.
Not quite sure how it worked.
But when it became
scared or excited,
it would pull it over its
head and encapsulate its body.
The creature had
claw-like hands.
And it--
>> What color was it?
>> It was dark-gray colored.
It had large eyes with
several different lids.
The texture of its
body could change.
In winter time or cold
weather, the body would harden,
the skin, the texture of
the skin, i would call it.
It would harden.
In the summertime,
it would lighten.
>> Was it like an exoskeleton
like we see on regular beetles
today?
>> I'm not sure if--
no, I think that the
skeleton was internal.
>> Mm-hmm.
Like, the skin,
was it a hard skin?
Or did it look palpable?
>> No, no, it was hard
skin, very hard skin.
>> And what did
the feet look like?
>> Claw-type feet, a web--
it was clawed-- three claws.
But there were webs
between each claw.
>> How tall was this being?
>> About 6 foot.
>> What do you think it weighed?
>> It probably weighed
190, 200 pounds.
It was very dense.
>> Very dense looking.
>> Very dense.
>> What about the eyes?
>> They were large eyes.
>> Large.
>> Very large eyes.
It had a large pupil
and had various lids.
I think there was
six different lids
it could utilize in its eyes.
>> Did you see it
walk, or run, or jump?
>> I saw it run.
I didn't see it walk.
They captured it about 80
miles North of Groom Lake
in an area called Silver Bow,
Nevada, near Reveille Mill
Road.
It was detained, ironically, by
a Nye County Sheriff's deputy
and a Nevada game warden.
There was also a civilian
involved in its capture.
He actually trapped the
creature with a animal trap.
I'm not sure if it was
kind of like a bear trap
or some kind of animal trap.
And they held it until
the US military search
team and military police got
there where they could take it
into custody.
>> Rick, I've been in
some of these facilities,
not the ones that
you're talking about.
The security on these
things are amazing.
I mean, a flea can't
get out of there.
How did he get out of there?
>> He manipulated
the security system.
Somehow, he turned
the electricity off.
I don't know if they
fully understood it then.
I'm sure they do now.
And he was able to manage
to get in a crawl space.
He had a radio transmitter on
him that he couldn't get off.
And I think, looking
at it, the experts
said he didn't know what
that radio transmitter was,
even though he could
manipulate electricity.
He got out of that
through a vent.
And he was able to get out.
And he was gone for a
good, probably, 40 minutes,
45 minutes, I believe
it was reported,
before they realized
he was gone.
And then they immediately
started searching.
The US military police and
the Project Search team,
the Project Amber
Sun search team--
they had a special team
that had special equipment
to track these things.
Now, he was the one that
was the non-hostile one.
There were others there that
were very hostile that they
kept in different type of--
>> Containment means, yeah.
>> Yeah, contaiment, that,
if they tried to get out,
they were either electrocuted
or they were killed in some way.
He wasn't.
Because he was so cooperative.
The one thing about
it I learned is
that he wouldn't communicate or
couldn't communicate with us.
He just didn't-- he wouldn't.
He either refused or--
I mean, they tried.
You figure, from
1967 into the '80s,
they tried for years trying to
communicate with this creature.
But they couldn't
communicate with him.
Either he just didn't want to.
Or they just couldn't--
you couldn't get to him.
>> Right.
Now, there was a civilian
that was at the site
when this happened.
Whatever happened to him?
>> His name was Gus Wainwright.
Gus was a trapper.
He was a guide, hunting guide.
He lived up in the mountains
of the Kawich area of Nevada
near Warm Springs.
He had worked in
the mines for years.
He was out scouting for animal--
for a hunt-- and I believe
it was a elk hunt--
when he saw the creature.
And he was by himself.
He tracked that
creature by himself
for about a day, maybe
a little over a day.
He said 36 straight hours.
But I think, later, we found
out it was a little bit less
than that.
And he'd set up traps for it.
He didn't know what it was.
He had no idea what
this creature was.
He thought it was
a mutant animal
from all the nuclear tests that
were occurring in Nevada test
site.
He was convinced that
this must have been
some kind of a mutant creature.
But he actually was the
one that trapped it.
And when he trapped
it, he took pictures.
He took a picture.
And he got two other
people to come down.
Because he was going to
try to take this thing
someplace to maybe sell it.
But in the meantime, a Nye
County Sheriff's deputy
showed up.
They were notified of
the base that there
had been an escaped military
person that was going AWOL--
>> Of course.
>> A deserter.
>> Right.
>> And so the Nye
County Sheriff,
and I believe a Nevada
Highway patrolman,
were searching in that area.
The Nye County
Sheriff's deputy--
his last name was Watson.
And he, of course,
has since died.
But he showed up.
And he looked at the creature.
And he took a picture
of the creature.
And he asked us, where'd
you get this thing from?
Where'd it come from?
Gus says, I don't know, I
saw it running around here.
So I trapped it.
He said, it's cuddled
up in this cape.
But Gus says, I don't think
it's-- it's not anything
I've ever seen before.
So then the sheriff
called the game warden,
figuring, well, the game
warden would know what this
was, some kind of creature.
Well, the game warden got
there, and looked at, and said,
I have no idea what this was.
So, well, when the
military showed up--
the Nye County Sheriffs
called the military.
The military got there,
took him into custody.
The military debriefed
both the Sheriff's deputy--
the Sheriff's deputy readily
turned over his film.
It was a 35-millimeter camera.
He turned over the camera.
Gus was a little more
reluctant to turn it over.
Now, Gus was a civilian.
And the military police had
no jurisdiction over him.
But the Nye County
Sheriff's deputy
convinced Gus, you
better turn it over.
Because the federal agents
going to come and get
it, one way or another.
So he did.
But he didn't turn
over all of it.
He kept one.
And that picture was at the
Warm Spring Bar and Grill
on the wall, Warm
Springs Bar and Grill,
right up until the day that bar
and grill closed in the early--
it would probably be in
the middle middle '80s.
But Gus told this story
a number of times.
He told it to television people.
He's been on some specials.
I think George Knapp
interviewed him once.
But he had a story
that nobody believed.
Because the picture that
he posted on the wall
at the Warm Springs Bar and
Grill, somebody else took it.
So he could never go
back and get that.
And then, of course,
at some time, Gus died.
So that's--
>> He probably didn't have
copies of it back then.
>> He didn't have
>> Right.
>> So that was the
story of Gus Wainwright.
He was a character.
And I actually interviewed
Gus at the Warm Springs Bar
and Grill.
And I interviewed him for
something entirely different,
which is something
else that occurred up
in that area, an
alleged alien abduction.
But--
>> What did you think
of his character?
He seemed very honest?
>> He was a very
outgoing, honest person,
very articulate person.
You could believe
him up to a point.
What he would do is
he'd tell you a story.
And then he'd exaggerate
beyond belief.
He told us that this
creature had two ray guns.
And the creature didn't
have any ray guns.
He said he was shooting
ray guns at me.
And I had to
maneuver all around.
And it was like I was
back in in Korea--
because he was a
Korean War veteran.
But none of that happened.
The creature didn't have
any-- so that made him
not believable to other people.
>> Sure.
>> So a lot of people
just listened to him,
and listened to Gus's
story, and blew it off.
And the ironic thing
about this creature
was, if you shot or
killed this creature,
it would immediately
deteriorate.
And dangerous fumes would
excrete from the body
that would kill a human.
So what they had to do, if
they were going to kill it,
they had to
immediately embalm it
with some kind of neutralization
process, which they had.
But this particular
creature, they
were able to capture it alive.
I saw it.
I saw them capture it.
They put it in a net.
The creature never fought back.
It was not hostile.
>> Was it injured or bleeding?
>> No, it wasn't
injured at any point.
>> It was just caught in a trap?
>> It was caught in a trap.
It made some horrible
sounds, screeching sounds.
Apparently, it was either scared
or maybe hurting from something
that the County Sheriff and the
and Game and Fish officer did.
But but when we got
there, the creature
was cooperative,
fully cooperative,
which really surprised me.
I was amazed at looking
at this creature.
And I was 10 feet away from it.
He never tried to do--
it never tried to do.
I don't know if it
was female or male.
But it never tried to escape.
Once it realized it was
captured, what it did do,
it was, lifted that
cape over its head,
and either trying
to hide itself,
or that's what they did
when they were scared.
>> So Rick, where did the
ET come from, number one?
Was it, you know, an
escapee from the base?
>> It was an escapee
from the base.
The creature was captured
in a crash that occurred
near Fallen, Nevada, in 1967.
So they had that
creature for a long time.
There were actually
three creatures
that were in the crash site.
One died in the crash.
And that's where they realized,
when they got there and found
a craft, that this
thing exposed the rescue
crew to toxic chemicals, which
killed some of the recovery
team.
So they had to figure
out how to neutralize it.
The second one was captured,
taken back with the third one.
The second one escaped.
But that was not
during my watch.
I'm not sure when
that one escaped.
It was shot and killed up near
the same area that this first--
that this last one was.
And that's, again, one of--
actually, if you go
back and research,
there was a Nevada Game and
Fish officer died in that area.
They said he died of exposure.
But in actuality, he
died of coming in contact
with this creature and
the toxic chemicals that
were being exposed from
its deteriorating body.
>> The third one is the one
I'm talking about today.
It was kept at a location
near Papoose Lake, which
was Southwest of Groom Lake.
Papoose Lake, dried
lake bed, you probably
heard about Papoose Lake
from Bob Lazar, S2 Complex,
but a little bit northwest
of that S2 complex
was the Site Alpha.
They call it Site Alpha.
That was a enclosed,
underground facility
that housed these captured ETs.
Are you aware of the
craft that it came in?
Did you ever get to see
or did they brief you
on the type of craft?
>> Yeah, the craft
was a large craft.
It was about 45
feet in diameter.
It had landing gears or
struts that came down
where it sat on when it landed.
But obviously, the pictures I
saw of it was when it crashed.
The front end of it was
damaged during the crash.
And I'm just looking at
pictures of the crash site.
I never saw it, actually,
the craft itself.
And it had some openings
similar to windows,
small openings around the
separation between the top
and the bottom of the craft.
>> Disk-shaped?
>> Kind of a oval saucer-shaped,
if you can look at it in that--
it wasn't conventionally
round, like a saucer.
But it was some eye with
that oval shape to the back.
>> Mm-hm.
>> The craft, at
some point in time,
they determined the
craft to be highly toxic.
It was emitting either
some kind of a radiation,
whether it was--
or some kind of toxic material
that we didn't understand that
was killing people.
So what they did
was a transported
that craft to a location
north of Warm Springs, Nevada.
They dug a big hole.
They buried that craft.
And they sent off a nuclear
detonation of, I think,
about 100 kiloton detonation
to destroy that craft .
If you read it-- you can go
back and read about this.
In fact, you can
go to that site.
>> You can still see the crater.
>> Exactly.
DOE has a facility
there that they still
maintain and safeguard.
>> Isn't there a plaque there?
>> There's a plaque there
that announces that this was
a seismic exploration.
The detonation was for a
seismic experimental research.
And it happened, I believe,
in January of 1968.
>> That's a great cover-up.
>> This was some about eight
months or seven months after
the craft crashed.
>> And why are these craft
crashing in these areas?
And what are we doing with
these extraterrestrials?
>> Well, the only explanations
of that I know of is the 1947
Roswell craft crash.
There was two alien crafts
operated by the Ebens flying
around New Mexico.
There was a lightning storm.
And somehow, the lightning
storm affected their navigation
system.
And the two crafts collided,
one landing in Corona,
New Mexico, north of Roswell,
and one landing way out
near Magdalena or Horse Mesa.
They found the first
crash site, of course,
a few days after crashed.
The second site crash was
in a very remote area.
And it wasn't found
for two years.
The alien that was
alive, or Eba 1,
we called them, in the
1947 crash at Corona,
he explained to us in some
details how that craft crashed.
Now, I can't talk about
any of the other crafts
or how they crashed, because
I was never aware of how
or why they crashed.
>> And what kind
of race was this?
And what did they look like?
>> The Ebens looked--
they were gray.
They're small gray,
about three to four foot,
a gray, large eyes, typical
ones you see on TV now.
That was Eba, the Ebens.
And they're the race that
came from Serple, the planet
Serple, which I think we're
going to discuss later.
>> Did you communicate
with these beings?
Or were you debriefed
on the communications
and maybe the videos and
audios of these investigations?
>> Oh, no.
Certainly I wasn't
around in 1947.
But we did.
We managed to
communicate with Eba 1.
And we did it by
somehow they planted
some kind of a voice box
or a voice manipulator
in his throat.
And he was able
to learn English.
Now, you got to
understand, according
to our own people
and Eba 1, they
were like 5,000 years
ahead of us in technology.
So it was easy for him
to grasp our language.
It's very difficult for
us to grasp his language,
but he was able to communicate.
He had a handler
assigned to him,
an Air Force officer assigned
to him for the five years
that he was around,
because Eba 1 died in 1952.
But during that time, he
provided a lot of information
to US intelligence.
>> Were they nice,
treating him nice?
Did he have his own bunk room?
You know, how were they
knowing what to feed him?
What were the details
that you heard?
>> Well, I read the debriefing.
I saw a film of him being
spoken with in a very
relaxed environment.
It was very difficult to
understand what he was saying.
But he was treated very well.
He lived in Los Alamos, at a
special location at Los Alamos.
He was given food, I'm not
sure what type of food.
I know one particular person
that had knowledge of this
wrote a story about
Eba 1, and he said
he liked strawberry ice cream.
Now, I don't know
what other food,
but obviously we
were able to provide
some kind of
nourishment, because he
lived for five years.
I'm not sure why he
died after five years.
But during that five year period
he told us where he came from.
He showed us where
his planet was.
He showed us the
different inequities
between different
parts of space.
He explained why
physics on Earth
wasn't the same as
physics on his planet.
He explained a lot of
things to us that helped us.
>> So he was very cooperative?
>> Very cooperative.
>> Did any of these beings
from these crashed vehicles,
were they ever found with any
type of technology or weapons
on them?
>> Well the Ebens did.
The crash in 1947--
not the first ship, not
the one that we were
able to get the captured Eba 1.
We couldn't find
any weapons on that,
or they didn't, the people
that were searching.
But they did find an
energy device that
could power almost anything.
And the second site in 1949,
where some ranchers found it up
in the middle of nowhere, they
did find two weapons in there.
And they were pulse weapons.
They fired a pulse.
We didn't understand it.
And I don't think we could
really understand that
until the middle '80s.
In fact, that weapon--
there were actually two of them,
one larger and one smaller,
that was being
tested at Area 51.
I didn't realize
it at the time they
were doing secret tests out
in another area of Area 51,
actually North up near
Tonopah, in Tonopah Test Range.
And it was shooting
it against a mountain.
And it would vaporize anything.
It would go back 30 to 40 feet.
>> Did it look like a gun?
Did you see a picture of this?
>> Yeah, I saw it.
And I actually saw the pulse.
>> Could they direct the
wave pattern of that?
>> Apparently they could.
Although, I wasn't close enough
to determine whether they
could do that, nor did
I ever read any kind
of technical literature on it.
I just saw it operate.
And I asked the guy.
I said, what the
heck is that thing?
He said, well, that's one
of our research weapons
that we got from the visitors.
This person I spoke with
always called them visitors.
And we're experimenting with it.
And I said, well,
how does it work?
He said, they just
pull the trigger on it.
But there was some intensity
to it, an intensity level.
So they were able to lower it--
>> Focus the beam.
>> Right.
>> And I saw--
I only saw it fired once.
And it went into the
side of a mountain.
And this mountain was
called Urania Mountain,
which is on a test range.
And it went back about
50 feet, because we
went up later and looked at it.
It was a perfect hole that went
all the way back, like I said,
about 50 feet.
I thought, my god, that
thing is something else.
>> Do you think we're at
that technology today?
>> I think we are.
I think we've obtained so
many different technologies
from the extraterrestrials
over the years
that we are now at
the point in time,
and our technology has
advanced to the point where we
are starting to understand it.
>> Right.
>> I was told a long time ago
by a very astute scientist
in Texas that we
would bring out--
we captured these
things for years.
We never could understand
it, like the Eben device,
the energy device.
We would go, and pick it up, and
bring it back from Los Alamos,
or wherever it was being
stored, and experiment with it.
And we were either at
our technology point
where we could
understand it or not.
And we'd put it away
for a few more years.
We'd bring it back out.
Now, we're at the
point where when
we bring these things
back out, we're
starting to understand them.
>> So there was a lot of alien
reverse engineering going on?
>> A lot of alien
reverse engineering.
>> What corporations
were in charge of that?
>> Well, EG&G was the primary
contractor at Groom Lake.
But we had the Air Force
Test Evaluation Center.
We had Tectronics, E-Systems,
Los Alamos Labs, Livermore
Laboratories, Sandia Labs.
Sandia was probably
a prime contractor
in the understanding the
propulsion system, especially
what we thought was a
radioactive propulsion system
or a nuclear propulsion system.
>> Was there anything else that
you can mention at Area 51 that
really impacted you?
>> One thing that really, really
impacted me were the number
of ETs that we had.
>> How many?
>> Well, I didn't
know the exact number,
but I knew that there
were more than five.
I was told in the
neighborhood of 12 to 15.
And where they came from.
I mean, I never read anything
the state where they came from,
but some of them came from
areas close to our planet,
as I was told.
I think that's one of
the amazing things.
The other amazing thing there
is we were doing things.
We were advancing our
technology so fast
that a scientist at
Sandia told me there
were so many things
that we were finding out
about alien technology that we
just had to put on the shelf
because we just
couldn't understand it.
And one of the things that he
told me about was time travel,
and how they manipulated it, and
they, the aliens, could do it.
We weren't quite there yet.
And this was in the middle '80s.
But I think now, in
2020, we might be there.
>> Where are we at now?
>> Well, during
that time period,
during the '80s, we knew
they could time travel.
Eba 1 told us we
could time travel.
And he somehow showed
the scientists back
in the late '40s, early
'50s how they did it.
We never understood it.
And there were some
things that we needed.
We needed to manipulate
the space-time continuum.
They could do it, and they
had a simple way to do it.
They tried to explain it to us,
but we didn't understand it.
But in 1980s when I
was at Area 51, one
of the projects I worked on--
I was a counter
intelligence officer.
I was a number one
officer on this--
was a project that we
experimented with time travel.
And we tried-- and it was a
scientist Sandia Laboratories
who is still alive today who
was in charge of that program.
And it's still classified.
And I could give
the project name,
but I'm afraid to do that now.
But it's still classified.
I worked on that
for quite a while.
And I watched the
experiments they did.
They built a huge underground
facility at Nevada Test Site
with electric magnets.
And they were shooting things,
lasers and other things,
between them.
And they were able to--
>> Pew.
Disappear.
>> Yeah, there
would be explosions.
And there would be an
instant, just an instant
where the time
continuum opened up.
And they actually took high
speed camera shots of that.
And they could see
things into the future.
They couldn't keep it open long
enough to get somebody in there
at that time, in 1985.
But they fired these
lasers, high energy lasers
in between this,
and it opened up.
And I saw these pictures.
They were, you know,
like a split second.
But it would open up.
And you could see
things in that,
as if you're looking
at the future.
Whether it was the future
or the past, I'm not sure.
But they did this.
And what they found--
there was a lot of peripheral
programs that they found.
One of them was
energy weapon systems.
If they fired an energy
weapon with great velocity
and great amount of
energy, they were
able to vaporize
the time continuum.
And anything in that would
be totally vaporized.
There wouldn't be an atom left.
And they did that.
They took a tank,
an old M-61 tank,
and they put it on a platform.
And they fired.
They activated the magnets.
They fired this laser beam in.
And that M-61 tank,
totally vaporized.
There wasn't one single
atom left of that.
And that's something that we
developed into a weapon system,
or we were developing
into the weapons system.
I'm sure they're
trying to prefect that.
>> Directed energy beam weapons?
>> Directed energy
beam weapons, yes.
And they got that
from the aliens.
>> Right, so we're
talking about time travel.
This recent video
was released, you
know, the little tic-tac
video of this craft.
They say, maybe it's
us from the future.
What do you think?
>> I don't know
anything about that.
I'm not sure if it was
from the future or not.
But in the early 1980s, we
were experimenting with drones.
And we were
experimenting with them
at Kirtland Air Force Base.
We were flying drones.
And how they were doing it,
they would launch an aircraft,
an EC-135 aircraft.
They would then
shoot that drone out.
>> Drop it off, yeah.
>> Drop it out.
And they would control it
from inside the aircraft.
And they could make
that drone do things
that you wouldn't believe
they could do, back
in this is 1980, early 1980s.
And getting back to a guy by
the name of Paul Bennewitz.
Paul Bennewitz
filmed this stuff.
And he thought those little
drone things were UFOs.
But in actuality,
they were drones.
It was an experimental program.
It was highly classified
during that time period.
>> What were these drones
doing that were so amazing?
>> They would stop in air.
They could shoot them and stop.
There was nobody-- no
pilot inside of them.
So they could stop it in air.
And they had little
propulsion systems
or something that would let
it float or hover in the air.
I'm not sure how they did it.
But it could stop.
It could shoot and stop.
And it would drop and raise,
and it would shoot off again.
Now, I don't know
how the propulsion
system or their aerodynamics
worked of it, because I
was never briefed into that
portion of it, but we saw them.
We saw them operate a lot.
And then they eventually
moved everything out
to Indian Springs Air
Force Base in Nevada.
>> Now on today's drones,
they look like planes
in the military.
What do these drones look like?
>> They looked like
55 gallon drums.
They looked exactly
like 55 gallon drums.
How they worked, how they
operated, I don't know.
But I saw them.
I saw them stop in the air.
And that fascinated me,
trying to figure out,
how could it stop in the air?
Now, how could something
fly and then stop?
Now, of course, a
plane couldn't do
that cause the Gs
would kill a pilot.
But they didn't have a pilot.
It was all being controlled
by the controller aircraft.
>> Absolutely, they
have their own--
these anti-gravitic craft
have their own energy density
around them.
They're basically within
their own atmosphere.
>> Exactly, that's a
good way to explain it.
>> That's the simple
way to explain it.
>> That's a simple
>> Yeah, they're creating
their own gravitational field.
So the gravitational
field outside
doesn't affect them at all.
>> Exactly, yes.
>> What impact have these
experiences had on you
personally?
>> Well, I've managed over
the years to accept it.
There are some things
that still bother me.
I think about it.
I think about some of
the things that occurred.
Some of the things that
we're doing out at Groom Lake
and Tonopah, and Nevada
Test Range, I think
could be harming
the environment.
>> Absolutely.
>> And we're sending things up,
like energy beam weapons that
are polarizing the atmosphere.
And now, what happens when that
atmosphere, those polarization
molecules come back to Earth?
Nobody's studying
that out there.
And that's something
that we were concerned
about in the '80s, and
I know they're probably
still concerned about it.
If environmentalists
knew everything
that was occurring out at
Nellis Test and Training Range,
including Tonopah
and Groom Lake,
there would be probably
demonstrations at the gate.
>> Oh, absolutely.
The EPA I guess doesn't have a
badge to get into those areas.
>> No, I don't
think EPA, or OSHA--
>> Anything goes out there.
That's for sure.
>> Anything goes.
>> Rick, fascinating
information.
Thanks so much for
coming on the show.
>> You're very welcome.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.